App Manager v1.100.2 release notes (#1208)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/release-notes/rn-app-manager.md

<!--RELEASE_NOTES_PLACEHOLDER-->

## 1.100.2

Released on June 7, 2023

Support for Kubernetes: 1.24, 1.25, 1.26 and 1.27

### Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes-1-100-2}
* Fixes an issue where the Config values were not saved when a release contained a multiple-document YAML file.

> * Fixes an issue where the Config specification was missing from the rendered release with the multiple-document YAML file in the kotsKinds folder.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this
```suggestion
* Fixes an issue where the Config specification was missing from the rendered release in the kotsKinds folder if release contained a multiple-document YAML file.
```

Support for Kubernetes: 1.24, 1.25, 1.26 and 1.27

### Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes-1-100-2}

> * Fixes an issue where the ConfigValues were not saved when a release contained multiple YAML files.

Reviewer: Why ConfigValues? Technically that's true, but it feels like an lower level implementation detail to me to mention the custom resource name rather than writing it in plan English.

Multi-doc YAML is when a single YAML file contains multiple documents. https://www.google.com/search?q=multi-doc+yaml

We could write "when a release contained a YAML file with multiple documents" if you think that's clearer.

> * Fixes an issue where the Config specification was missing from the rendered multiple YAML release in the kotsKinds folder.

Reviewer: Same comment here about multi-doc
